clarify dbt usage (#8824)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/env_var.md

<Envvarsecrets />

> If the `DBT_USER` and `DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD` environment variables are present when dbt runs, then dbt will use these variables in your connection configuration &mdash; for example, in `profiles.yml` when running locally, or in [deployment credentials](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#deployment-credentials) if you have a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> project. If any environment variables aren't set, then dbt will raise a compilation error.

Reviewer: I prefer invoked over runs to avoid confusion of "is it just `dbt run`?"

> If the `DBT_USER` and `DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD` environment variables are present when dbt runs, then dbt will use these variables in your connection configuration &mdash; for example, in `profiles.yml` when running locally, or in [deployment credentials](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#deployment-credentials) if you have a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> project. If any environment variables aren't set, then dbt will raise a compilation error.

Author: ```suggestion
If the `DBT_USER` and `DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD` environment variables are present when dbt is invoked, then dbt will use these variables in your connection configuration &mdash; for example, in `profiles.yml` when running locally, or in [deployment credentials](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#deployment-credentials) if you have a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> project. If any environment variables aren't set, then dbt will raise a compilation error.
```

> If the `DBT_USER` and `DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD` environment variables are present when dbt is invoked, then dbt will use these variables in your connection configuration &mdash; for example, in `profiles.yml` when running locally, or in [deployment credentials](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#deployment-credentials) if you have a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> project. If any environment variables aren't set, then dbt will raise a compilation error.

Reviewer 2: The last sentence can be interpreted to mean that dbt will raise a compilation error if these variables aren't set, even when they are not used. Suggest we change this to:
```suggestion
If the `DBT_USER` and `DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD` environment variables are present when dbt is invoked, dbt will use these variables in your connection configuration &mdash; for example, in `profiles.yml` when running locally, or in [deployment credentials](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#deployment-credentials) if you have a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> project. If your project references environment variables that aren't set, dbt will raise a compilation error.
```

### dbt platform usage

> If you are using the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, environment variables must be:

Author: ```suggestion
If you're using <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, environment variables must be:
```

- Prefixed with `DBT_` (including `DBT_ENV_CUSTOM_ENV_` or `DBT_ENV_SECRET`)

> - Uppercased

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Uppercase
```

> - Case sensitive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Case-sensitive
```

> When referencing `{{env_var('DBT_KEY')}}` in your project's code, the key must match exactly the variable defined in the platform UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When referencing `{{env_var('DBT_KEY')}}` in your project's code, the key must exactly match the variable defined in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> user interface.
```
